About us
Bachasoft Company is a company specializing in software development and application of digital technology. In the process of development, Bachasoft has built a lot of useful products in the fields of mobile applications, entertainment games, outsourcing services ... along with young, creative, enthusiastic, full of talent staff bringing high value and contributing greatly to the development of application technology in Vietnam.

In order to have a strong foundation and launch of innovative technology products as today, Bachasoft has stepped up and expanded its operations with 3 separate centers and nearly 100 professional staff with passion and high responsibility.

With the spirit of "Quality in every product", Bachasoft strives to become one of the leading technology companies in Vietnam, reaching out to the region and the world, bringing the highest value products to customers, serving the interests of millions of users in the country and around the world. Meeting the real needs of life, work, study, entertainment, and meeting the requirements in business production.

Strategy to make a difference

Creation: Freedom to develop ideas and talents of each person. Always finding new things to change and develop.
Pioneer: With the spirit of dare to think dare to do, and giving customers a great experience on each product.
Breakthrough: Creating the highlight and difference in each product. Bringing new, useful experiences to users.
Responsibility: Always working in the spirit of enthusiasm, determination to complete work to the end.
-------------------------------
ourr services


Outsourcing services

Outsourcing service is one of the pioneering services of the company in 
the early days. Outsourcing products meet the requirements of customers. 
The quality of products has brought the customers satisfaction and built
 up the confidence of customers with the company, especially difficult partners 
in the US market and some developed countries in Europe.

Read more

-===
Mobile App

The goal is to bring technology into social life, to meet the daily needs and bring
 the best benefits to people. We have successfully built a number of practical applications 
that serve the needs of everyday users. It has been loved and received the most in all countries 
in Asia, America, and Europe...

Read more

-===
Game

Creating the highlight and difference in each product. Bringing new, useful experiences to users

3D visuals and animated sounds, animations like the real world
Simple but challenging game
Improve the delicacy of the hands through the conquest of basketball game.
Read more






-home 

 
OUTSOURCING SERVICES
Outsourcing service is one of the pioneering services of the company 
in the early days. Outsourcing products meet the requirements of customers.
 The quality of products has brought the customers satisfaction and built up 
the confidence of customers with the company, especially difficult partners in 
the US market and some developed countries in Europe


===

MOBILE APP
The goal is to bring technology into social life, to meet the daily needs
 and bring the best benefits to people. We have successfully built a number 
of practical applications that serve the needs of everyday users. It has been
 loved and received the most in all countries in Asia, America, and Europe...

===


GAME
Creating the highlight and difference in each product. Bringing new, 
useful experiences to users


